my name is hanin and I was born in Gaza
in alahi hospital the Baptist Hospital
uh I moved to Japan when I was 7 years
old and I grew up here um until about
the end of high school and I just moved
back uh in October in order to raise
awareness and do as much as I can for
Palestine and Japan I'm here to support
the students at University of Tokyo in
their encampment it's the first
encampment in Japan um and you know one
of the students was inspired by the
students in Colombia and all over the
states in the world now uh and decided
to pitch up a tent um in solidarity um
also to demand from the University to
divest from their Partnerships with
Israel I know to a lot of people the
protests and events in Japan may not
seem um radical I mean they're not very
radical uh however uh in Japan those
sorts of actions don't help the cause
and don't help the reputation of the
cause they'll only further damage uh the
cause of the Palestinian cause and the
and the reputation of of Palestine so in
order for us to really engage with the
society and the community here we have
to do it in ways um that are more let's
say soft but also very powerful so we've
done some you know our actions where we
remembered all the martyrs and GZA while
we painted red tears um that really made
that really touched everyone and made
them feel the heaviness of of the losses
uh in Gaza from uh from Israel and this
genocide make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer